INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# Repos Used
[Visitor Badge](https://github.com/hehuapei/visitor-badge)\
[Typing SVG](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg)\
[Shields.io Badges](https://github.com/alexandresanlim/Badges4-README.md-Profile)\
[Skill Icons](https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons)\
[Contributions Snake](https://github.com/Platane/snk)\
[Streak Stats](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats)\
[Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# Usage Instructions

 1. Fork this repo and name it `<your-username>`
 2. In your forked repo, go to the `Settings tab > actions > general`. In the `Workflow permissions` section, toggle `Read and Write permissions` and press `save`. This will allow for the snake contributions svg to be generated based on your own contributions via Github Actions.
 3. Go to the `Actions` tab, select `Generate Snake` and click `run workflow`. That way, you will manually generate your first snake svg; after that, a new one will be generated every 12 hours.
 4. On line 1, rename `page_id` url param to `<your-username>.<your-username>`
 5. On line 5, rename `lines` url param to whatever you`d like
 6. Customize lines 9-23 to fit your description
 7. Customize your Socials section (25-35)
 8. Customize your Tools section (41-46)
 9. On line 54, change `/salesp07/salesp07/` to `/<your-username>/<your-username>/`. This will make sure that you're fetching your snake contributions svg and not mine.
 10. In your stats section, rename `https://github-readme-salesp07.vercel.app` to `https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app`. The first one is my private instance of the repo, and I use it so my private contributions are taken into account as well. Hosting your private instance of github-readme-stats on Vercel is quite a simple process; if you're interested, click [here](https://github.com/salesp07/github-readme-stats#deploy-on-your-own).
 11. Customize your footer typing animation (line 79)
 12. You're good to go! Make sure to leave a ⭐ if you like this repo!

Commit message:

Add streak stats self-host instructions link to README, update line numbers

INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# Repos Used
[Visitor Badge](https://github.com/hehuapei/visitor-badge)\
[Typing SVG](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg)\
[Shields.io Badges](https://github.com/alexandresanlim/Badges4-README.md-Profile)\
[Skill Icons](https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons)\
[Contributions Snake](https://github.com/Platane/snk)\
[Streak Stats](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats)\
[Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# Usage Instructions

 1. Fork this repo and name it `<your-username>`
 2. In your forked repo, go to the `Settings tab > actions > general`. In the `Workflow permissions` section, toggle `Read and Write permissions` and press `save`. This will allow for the snake contributions svg to be generated based on your own contributions via Github Actions.
 3. Go to the `Actions` tab, select `Generate Snake` and click `run workflow`. That way, you will manually generate your first snake svg; after that, a new one will be generated every 12 hours.
 4. On line 1, rename `page_id` url param to `<your-username>.<your-username>`
 5. On line 4, rename `lines` url param to whatever you`d like
 6. Customize lines 11-21 to fit your description
 7. Customize your Socials section (23-33)
 8. Customize your Tools section (37-42)
 9. On line 50, change `/salesp07/salesp07/` to `/<your-username>/<your-username>/`. This will make sure that you're fetching your snake contributions svg and not mine.
 10. In your stats section, rename `https://github-readme-salesp07.vercel.app` to `https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app`. The first one is my private instance of the repo, and I use it so my private contributions are taken into account as well. Hosting your private instance of github-readme-stats on Vercel is quite a simple process and recommended; if you're interested, click [here](https://github.com/salesp07/github-readme-stats#deploy-on-your-own).
 11. In the same section, replace `github-readme-streak-stats-salesp07.vercel.app` with `https://streak-stats.demolab.com`. If you want to host your own instance, which I highly recommend as it is down often, follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats?tab=readme-ov-file#next-steps).
 12. Customize your footer typing animation (line 70)
 13. You're good to go! Make sure to leave a ⭐ if you like this repo!
